right are we ready then boys what's the
matter then with uncle oh yes what's up
then boys girls come on time to go
outside
what's the problem they don't want to go
out wonder why I take it you don't wanna
great then boys and girls okay so you in
for the day then see you from you've
gone back in have you you know okay then
we'll close the door up then let's come
back in on their own don't delay I think
you ought to film you next right you're
right I think it's your turn now
you are what are you ready there you go
the hell is that whoa what's the matter
you wanna go I think the Gordon in play
what's the matter little ones come on
then off you go
what's right never seen snow before no
we don't look right and play then I
think you don't want you there okay then
I'll going out today what a shame
so we've got turn that we gotta turn the
duck room now into a heated play room
play area we dear oh dear oh dear what
are we going to do next day what are we
going to do next oh right what is he out
there before no you seen snow before
but what we're going to do with the snow
max max hey don't turn your back on me
because you're on camera hey
here so what um what do you think big
boy hmm what what time do you think
slowly good hmm no hmm
did you like snow right this time I've
never seen that before
mm-hmm okay as you can see it's snowing
the weather is not good and as you know
the Ducks don't want to go out so this
is what we do you have now a duck house
converted to a duck run they don't want
to go out so my babies and white boys
and girls will have to stay in
Flopsy I don't really care with where
the other they have food they have water
plenty of room to move around water in
the corner measure their food
I simply have a flap and spread it
around very easy to clean up run a brush
round the end of the day caches all
their food and the floor stays clean
underneath they've got plenty of room to
move around plenty of exercise no
problem
converts quite nicely into a duck rush
hour we'll watch the old teen day well
there we go their beds are done that
first they can sit there and Potter
angled a hand for the catfight days lot
will fight for that lot max okay I've
done
also the difference is that's got a
windchill factor that's actually is
about minus three or four in a moment
but it's actually got a windchill factor
of about minus ten because the wind is
blowing the snow is drifting in here on
the other end here on the other hand we
have six steps or we live in a nice
comfortable 37 degrees of heat a little
bit less than that or warm with it with
central heating going we haven't got no
idea what sort of luxury